[Music]
hi everyone this is definition here if
you've been following my geek box
reviews then you know I get a different
one every month and I review them so
this time it's the Legion of collectors
suicide box these are really hard to get
ahold of in the UK they only do them in
America but you know I found a little UK
distributor who give us one for cheap I
thought I'd get one and see if what all
the fuss is about
obviously I'm a big DC fan I love to
stuff that only children collect loads
of wasted money there I think I probably
spent about a grand on that shelf so
congrats to me you open it got a big
Superman to open this one or you've got
to be able to lift you know five
kilograms okay so the first thing is
we've got a katana
I'll be sporting that around town water
got a little button Deadshot button I
wouldn't be seen dead shot in that be
walking around without looking like The
Fresh Prince of Bel end and I've got
women of DC stuff here
women are more for a quality and that
even though women have completely ruined
everything
rare Suicide Squad comic issue one
Legion of collectibles that sort of
Funko pop inspired which as you can see
I'm a bit of a loser and I like Funko
pops enchantress Funko pop now if you
know anything about Funko pops you know
this is [ __ ] expensive if you go on
eBay now you'll not get one for less
than 40 quid so make sure you use all of
the money that you get from your job and
buy this instead of him buying important
things next one I've got little Ted your
cat toy so brilliant that if you're
about eight years old look it's for out
the box will that's well pockets
never take them out the box that's the
rule Suicide Squad Harley Quinn one here
as well that's pretty good
though you don't normally get that sort
of thing in them them boxes you get it's
a pretty Suicide Squad but it's like a
Funko pop Suicide Squad
I think that's an exclusive t-shirt I
think all of these gifts are like you
can only get them in this box where is
the other stuff you can sort of you know
just pick them up off eBay instead of
having to get like a sonic screwdriver
or something that you don't really want
anyway really happy with that box
I give that box a 9 out of 10 price is
really steep but if you can get it for
about 30 pound like I did I definitely
recommend it if you're a DC fan anyway
check back on my other videos at
definition Concord UK I've got game
comic TV movie reviews everything take
care